# Go API client for 

The Twilio SendGrid Scheduled Sends API allows you to cancel or pause the send of one or more emails using a batch ID.

A `batch_id` groups multiple scheduled mail send requests together with the same ID. You can cancel or pause all of the requests associated with a batch ID up to 10 minutes before the scheduled send time.

See [**Canceling a Scheduled Send**](https://docs.sendgrid.com/for-developers/sending-email/stopping-a-scheduled-send) for a guide on creating a `batch_id`, assigning it to a scheduled send, and modifying the send.

See the Mail API's batching operations to validate a `batch_id` and retrieve all scheduled sends as an array.

When a batch is canceled, all messages associated with that batch will stay in your sending queue. When their `send_at` value is reached, they will be discarded.

When a batch is paused, all messages associated with that batch will stay in your sending queue, even after their `send_at` value has passed. This means you can remove a pause status, and your scheduled send will be delivered once the pause is removed. Any messages left with a pause status that are more than 72 hours old will be discarded as Expired.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project from the OpenAPI specs located at [twilio/sendgrid-oai](https://github.com/twilio/sendgrid-oai/tree/main/spec).  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 
- Build date: 2025-05-13T09:44:15.112478Z[Etc/UTC]
- Build package: com.sendgrid.oai.go.SendgridGoGenerator
For more information, please visit [https://support.sendgrid.com/hc/en-us](https://support.sendgrid.com/hc/en-us)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import "./"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.sendgrid.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CreateScheduledSend* | [**CreateScheduledSend**](docs/CreateScheduledSend.md#createscheduledsend) | **Post** /v3/user/scheduled_sends | Cancel or pause a scheduled send
*DeleteScheduledSend* | [**DeleteScheduledSend**](docs/DeleteScheduledSend.md#deletescheduledsend) | **Delete** /v3/user/scheduled_sends/{BatchId} | Delete a cancellation or pause from a scheduled send
*GetScheduledSend* | [**GetScheduledSend**](docs/GetScheduledSend.md#getscheduledsend) | **Get** /v3/user/scheduled_sends/{BatchId} | Retrieve scheduled send
*ListScheduledSend* | [**ListScheduledSend**](docs/ListScheduledSend.md#listscheduledsend) | **Get** /v3/user/scheduled_sends | Retrieve all scheduled sends
*UpdateScheduledSend* | [**UpdateScheduledSend**](docs/UpdateScheduledSend.md#updatescheduledsend) | **Patch** /v3/user/scheduled_sends/{BatchId} | Update a scheduled send


## Documentation For Models

 - [CancelOrPauseAScheduledSendRequest](CancelOrPauseAScheduledSendRequest.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ErrorResponseErrorsInner](ErrorResponseErrorsInner.md)
 - [MailBatchId](MailBatchId.md)
 - [ScheduledSendStatus](ScheduledSendStatus.md)
 - [Status](Status.md)
 - [Status1](Status1.md)
 - [Status2](Status2.md)
 - [UpdateScheduledSendRequest](UpdateScheduledSendRequest.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



## BearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextBasicAuth, sw.BasicAuth{
    UserName: "username",
    Password: "password",
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

